Best effort for xdp (#28666)
cilium-team/cilium: Documentation/network/kubernetes/kubeproxy-free.rst

more than a single device to expose NodePort or a user specifies multiple devices
with ``devices``, the XDP acceleration is enabled on all devices. This means that
each underlying device's driver must have native XDP support on all Cilium managed
nodes. If you have an environment where some devices support XDP but others do not

> You can have XDP enabled on the supported devices by setting loadBalancer.mode to 

Reviewer: Shouldn't this be `loadBalancer.acceleration` rather than `loadBalancer.mode`??

Author: Yes, good catch.

> nodes. If you have an environment where some devices support XDP but others do not
> You can have XDP enabled on the supported devices by setting loadBalancer.mode to 
> "best-effort". In addition, for performance reasons we recommend kernel >= 5.5 for

Reviewer: Phrasing/formatting nitpicks:

```suggestion
nodes. If you have an environment where some devices support XDP but others do not,
you can enable XDP on the supported devices by setting ``loadBalancer.mode`` to 
``best-effort``. For performance reasons we recommend kernel >= 5.5 for
```

Reviewer: This should also address the complaint in the CI workflow for documentation.

more than a single device to expose NodePort or a user specifies multiple devices
with ``devices``, the XDP acceleration is enabled on all devices. This means that
each underlying device's driver must have native XDP support on all Cilium managed
nodes. If you have an environment where some devices support XDP but others do not
you can have XDP enabled on the supported devices by setting

> ``loadBalancer.acceleration`` to   ``best-effort``. In addition, for performance

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``loadBalancer.acceleration`` to ``best-effort``. In addition, for performance
```
